hi guys and welcome to my channel in
this video I'm gonna be showing you how
I made this easy and cute crop top if
you'd like to see how I did it then
please continue to watch you're gonna
start by taking any old tank tops that
you have these ones are just from H&M
there are very inexpensive I think
they're about $4.99 for supplies you're
just going to need a pair of scissors a
pen and some measuring tape so for step
one we're going to be cutting out the
back of the shirt so you can start with
the shirt facedown we're going to start
by measuring right underneath the
armpits so you're not going to want to
cut higher than that because it's going
to ruin the way the shirt sits on you so
using the measuring tape I'm going to
measure how far down I want my cut to be
and then measure that across and then
you could just put like a rough mark on
the shirt that way you can follow that
line the next step would be to measure
the sides of the shirt so this is going
to be where you're going to be cutting
you want to make it even so I'm doing
about two inches from each side of the
shirt so you just start from the seam
measure two inches in and then put a
little marker and then you could do the
same to the other side the good thing
about this DIY crop top is that it
doesn't have to be perfectly even so
even if your markers are not exactly two
inches then that's fine so now you're
ready to start cutting the shirt so just
following that mark as a guideline
you're gonna cut straight up and you're
gonna want to stop at the top of the
shirt so right where we made that mark
in the middle that's going to be kind of
your guiding point of where to stop
cutting you're going to be doing the
same thing to the other side of the
shirt again if the lines are not perfect
and your cutting is kind of jagged and
zigzag that is okay because those are
going to be hidden anyways after cutting
both sides you should be left with this
sort of flappy piece on the back of your
shirt now the final step for the back of
your crop top is cutting that flap off
so you're just gonna start at one of the
corners and cut straight
again you're going to be using that mark
that we made in the middle as kind of
your guideline so make sure you don't
cut any higher than that this line is
probably a bit more important because
it's going to be how will the shirt sits
on your back so this one you might want
to try and make it semi straight step
two you're going to be cutting right
down the front of the shirt so just flip
your shirt over lay it out so that it's
flat and that the material is even now
for this I just kind of eyeballed it
it's kind of easy just to figure out the
middle of the shirt so just start
cutting all the way down to the end
now we are done all of the hard work if
you lay your shirt out this is what the
cutouts should look like when you put
the cropped up on just put it on like a
vest and then you're gonna take the two
front pieces wrap them evenly around you
and then secure them in the back in a
knot now those pieces upfront that I'm
playing with those are just kind of
jagged so you can just tuck those into
your bra and then it gives it a nice
clean and sleek look that's why we
weren't too worried about the jagged
lines and there you have it there is
your homemade inexpensive crop top you
could do it in different colors if you'd
like hmm always has a wide selection of
tank tops like these now I'm styling
mine with a leather jacket this one I
got from dynamite it's leather
completely but then it's material on the
arms so it's easy to move around in for
shoes I'm going to be wearing these
strappy black shoes that are from
JustFab and these were 39.95 my skirt
that I'm wearing is from Mendocino it's
a local store here in Toronto and for
this skirt in particular I paid about
fifty five dollars so that is all for
this video thank you guys so much for
watching and for a more detailed list of
everything I used in this video you can
check out the description box below